Document the AWS instance type for the gateway node (#335)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/quickstart/openshift/globalnet/_index.md

Please note that  `oc`, `aws-cli`, `terraform`, and `wget` need to be installed before the `prep_for_subm.sh` script can be run.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice note %}}
The script deploys an `m5n.large` EC2 instance type by default, optimized for improved network throughput and packet rate performance,

> for the Submariner gateway node. Please ensure that the AWS Region you deploy to support this instance type. Alternatively, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the Submariner gateway node. Please ensure that the AWS Region you deploy supports this instance type. Alternatively, you can
```

Author: @tpantelis we don't deploy *an* AWS Region, we deploy OpenShift *to* an AWS Region, for e.g us-east-2.
